Add IQ files to the first paragraph in the readme. (#444)
theori-io/nrsc5: README.md

# nrsc5

> This program receives NRSC-5 digital radio stations using an RTL-SDR dongle or from IQ files. It offers a command-line interface as well as an API upon which other applications can be built. Before using it, you'll first need to compile the program using the build instructions below.

Reviewer: How does this version sound? I hope it's a bit clearer.
```suggestion
This program receives NRSC-5 digital radio stations using an RTL-SDR dongle, or by reading from I/Q files. It offers a command-line interface as well as an API upon which other applications can be built. Before using it, you'll first need to compile the program using the build instructions below.
```
